You said they were corrupt.
I don't cooperate with your transformation.
Well, comrade, we're not
Haha, okay, okay.
I really don't know.
I'm startled.
I didn't expect such a small place
It can hide dirt to such an extent
Leading comrade
You punish them quickly
Criticism mail pick-up hahaha criticism
mail pick-up hahaha
Are you crazy?
Do you know who he is?
Open your dog eyes and show me clearly
This person in front of you
Is the captain of our country's defense team
God of War in the Army
It's the eldest young master of the Rong family in Beijing
Captain surprised you
He didn't delegate the transformation.
It's beginning to set things right.
I'm here to serve as an officer and deputy to Team Rong
Take him back to Beijing
You're going back?
So you actually dare to beat up the Rong team's family?
Come
Take all these educated youths back for investigation
It's not me
I don't want it, leader
It was all given to me by his regiment in Tangdeng Town
I was deceived
Hey, I pick up the hair and report him as unworthy.
Didn't you source the medicine cement yourself?
What does it have to do with me?
Hey, really
I'm going back to the city soon, it's none of my business
Don't take it away from me
What are you guys looking at?
Go away
How did you announce my identity so quickly?
Captain, I'm not looking
Are there any confidants coming to see you?
I'm worried about your safety.
I didn't want to reveal my identity so soon
Now the whole plan is messed up by you
Well, you go and help me with something
Hey captain
You said not to mention one, 100 pieces will do.
You should check Ling Yun's background and social connections
I want all his information from birth to the present
next year.
You said he must do this in secret
Don't let anyone know
row leader
I promise to complete the task
Don't worry.
I promise to take out all 18 generations of his ancestors
By the way, you give it for me
My old man said with a word
I'm not his watchdog
He kicks it if he wants
Do you want me to go back and bite people?
Impossible why
Was the old leader also there to protect you?
Throw me out of the team to take it out on someone else
Call it protection?
You ask him to ask me if I'm lonely.
You know all about this.
I know it's hard.
I didn't expect it to be so difficult